# Glossary

Glossary of terms and technologies you'll encounter in this lab.

### Embedding

An embedding is a numerical representation of objects for use in machine learning systems which retain their semantic value, which enables the ability for applications to determine the relationship between two pieces of data. Like the foundational models that can be used for chatbots (e.g. LLama2), there are many pre-trained embedding models to help us do this translation. These models have learned from a huge amount of text to understand how words are normally used and in what contexts those words are used in.

Embeddings and embedding models are key components of a Retrieval Augmented Generation pipeline.

### Flowise

Flowise is a low-code tool that enables developers to build customized LLM orchestration flows and AI agents on top of LangChain and/or LlamaIndex. Langchain and LlamaIndex are frameworks for simplifying development of an AI applications.

### Milvus

[Milvusopen in new window](https://milvus.io/) is an open-source vector database. It is a key component in the RAG pipeline that stores all of the embeddings generated by the embedding model.

Milvus works with a variety of backend storage, including Nutanix Objects.

### Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)

Retrieval augmented generation is a technique to retrieve data from outside of a large language model to augment your prompts. Simply put, when you query an LLM (for example asking ChatGPT a question), the model itself provides the answer based on how it was trained. Retrieval augmented generation or RAG is a technique where the model first queries a content store and retrieves relevant information as it pertains to the input.